[RFC] npm 7 considerations (#732)
creativecommons/vocabulary: README.md

You would need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.

To install dependencies and run the storybooks for all packages in this repository: 

```bash
npm install

> # npm run setup (Uncomment if using an version of npm older than npm@7)

Reviewer: @neeraj-2 

Maybe instead of suggesting to uncomment the entire line, we could have it something like this?

```bash
...
npm run setup # (optional for npm v7 & above)
...
```

Author: Sounds cool to me, what do u say @zackkrida and @dhruvkb

Reviewer 2: I'm cool with that. Anyone who _knows_ they're on npm > 7 probably isn't copy/pasting the installation commands anyway. This is better than what I came up with 👍

You would need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.

To run the storybooks for all packages in this repository(npm>7):

```bash
npm install
npm run build

> npm run storybook

Reviewer 3: Instead of repeating the instructions, why not put "(not required on Node.js 15+ / npm v7.0.0+)" beside the `setup` step?

> To run the storybooks for all packages in this repository(npm>7):
> 
> ```bash
> npm install
> npm run build
> npm run storybook
> ```
> 
> If you are using npm<7:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install dependencies and run the storybooks for all packages in this repository: 

```bash
npm install
# npm run setup (Uncomment if using an version of npm older than npm@7)
npm run build
npm run storybook
```

If you are using npm<7:
```

Reviewer 2: I would recommend something like this cc: @dhruvkb
